+++
title = "ddsPLS: A Package to Deal with Multiblock Supervised Problems with Missing Samples in High Dimension"
date = 2019-10-03T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["H Lorenzo", "J Saracco", "R Thiebaut"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
# publication = "In arXiv preprint arXiv:1901.04380."
# publication_short = "In arXiv:1901.04380"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The ddsPLS method considers regression and classification problems in the context of multiblock structured covariate data sets taking into account missing samples. The response outcome can be multidimensional and constitutes the response block. Multiblock covariate data sets are constituted by heterogeneous types of data (e.g. generated by various bioassays) and/or temporal realisations of the same covariates. The ddsPLS approach only deals with a specific case of missing values, denoted as missing samples, which means that some individuals have missing values for all the covariates in a given block. The ddsPLS method performs imputation of missing data, covariate selection and prediction of the response. The method is based on singular value decompositions of soft-thresholded covariance blocks via a three-steps procedure. The tuning parameters of the ddsPLS method can be optimized through an available cross-validation procedure. The ddsPLS package is illustrated on a real data set."

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references 
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
#projects = ["internal-project"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "pdf/RJ.pdf"
# url_source = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.04380"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
#url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
#doi = "10.1016/j.celrep.2017.08.023"

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  #caption = "Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/pLCdAaMFLTE)"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
